[Music]
To add Brightite Cove as an integration,
go to settings, then integrations, and
click add new. From the list of options,
select Brightite Cove. You'll now see
several fields that need to be filled
out. Start by giving your integration a
name, something that helps you easily
identify it. Next, decide whether this
storage source should be shared with
others or kept private for your use
only. To gather your client ID, client
secret, and account ID, log in to your
Bright Cove account.
Once logged in, go to admin on the
bottom left corner, then select API
authentication.
Here you'll create a new API
authentication profile.
Start by entering a name and an optional
description.
Then select the Bright Cove account you
want to authorize. Before saving, you'll
need to choose which Breite Cove APIs
should be exposed for this integration.
Click save and your client ID and client
secret will appear. Make sure to copy
and store the client secret immediately
as it will only be shown once. Next,
paste the client ID and client secret
into the corresponding fields in cutting
room.
[Music]
To find your account ID, go to account
information. Copy this and paste it into
the relevant field in cutting room. Then
click save.
Your Bright Cove integration is now
connected. When you return to the editor
in Cutting Room, you'll find Brightite
Cove listed in the source panel on the
left side. If you already have content
stored in Bright Cove, it will appear
here, ready to be used in your projects.
Once you're satisfied with your edited
video, click render and select Bright
Cove as the export destination. You'll
then have the option to enter a title
and description, select a folder, add
tags, and choose a rendition. When
you're ready, click export to Brightite
Cove. After a short while, the video
will appear in your Brightite Cove
library, ready for publishing or further
use.
[Music]
With Cutting Room, you can edit your
videos wherever and whatever you are,
whatever. Wherever
[Music]